Add option to set ssh config file path for ssh transport (#5759)
chef/inspec: docs-chef-io/content/inspec/cli.md

    Show progress while executing tests.
* ``--silence-deprecations=all|GROUP GROUP...``
    Suppress deprecation warnings. See install_dir/etc/deprecations.json for list of GROUPs or use 'all'.
* ``--ssh-config-file=one two three``

>     A list of paths to the ssh config file, e.g `~/.ssh/config` or `/etc/ssh/ssh_config`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A list of paths to the SSH configuration file, for example: `~/.ssh/config` or `/etc/ssh/ssh_config`.
```

    Specify a particular shell to use.
* ``--shell-options=SHELL_OPTIONS``
    Additional shell options.
* ``--ssh-config-file=one two three``

>     A list of paths to the ssh config file, e.g `~/.ssh/config` or `/etc/ssh/ssh_config`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A list of paths to the SSH configuration file, for example: `~/.ssh/config` or `/etc/ssh/ssh_config`.
```
